Speak there, full of unoccupied beauty.
Welcome to another video is that
who talks about stark and today we will
learn to solve two bugs here comes
given in creative games one of them is that
that leaves the portal side only enters the
portal when it leaves at night leaves the side
and the other bug is what came in the
1.6.1 update 42.2 point zero to
version of the gay kit that is most current
so I was playing in the snow was
in the neder portal there because of the fan
of the servers times the player instead
to propose such is going to happen
that we will also solve the other
another bo that was before that version
here in version 2.1 1.0 of the client games
was the permissions bug, then the
users put the players
placed there or enter the portal and from there
was unable to enter even with permission
in the group then not in 2.2.1 0
for minecraft 1.6.1 4 it already
they only failed that they failed in that
Business neder
but we solve by changing to the water
back beauty
Come on, I'm here on the boat site .
remembering that you have the description for you
we are going to download the 2.0 version
to download
I said this download version 2.0
download we will regret the core emmy
also that for creative power gleides
work great then download also
click here to keep it ready now is
only people and here in the server folder
Look, it's already been downloaded down here.
of client games and I already have permission
fri chi and demi 40 then I will like
and I come here in the plugins folder
standard zinho server
and put the three here ready and perform the
server
there ready without mistakes and make me cute
I'm going to give a stop and I'll put the
permissions right of plays that permission
only once top bank plugins permissions
in the strong group that the group of players
We will be putting this
permission here of galé time made in 23
4-1
I 've had gate's point and reminding them
what the permission has in the description
you do not copy wrong not against the sii
default to save
We were here this disk that corner
save can close this here you go
notice when you install on it will
create this folder here
on the server page that is in history
which was created by emi core
so we'll go in there between the quina
creative gate underline the cof and opens the
instance that we will change is the
Snow portal for water portal
so here it looks has user
then're fauci it will be Tatro and
It's going to save ready, it's settled now.
start a server again
hum and abdomen craft
I have to play the band because my
server is bound then and zac
brown band
ready is second it's ready it 's
just start minecraft we see it here
In a daycare that the beauty folks then
shitting the world here on the server
We're going to need these things here.
with the creative games update he
to complicate our life a bit more
at the same time facilitated and increased
There the barriers of the gay kit, so let's
there you are here
the portal does not put of two generals
of random impositions and leaves it
here is the one here
carol emeralds
just have to have it and I'll put it here
here 12 more than here here
here it is here that matter in one
totally random position and here I go
make a blue here too put a
but hopefully I'll put another
emerald
this is what is appearing on the screen that
I accidentally clicked with clock and I'm going
do one more random thing
here our portal will put one more
different year
It's the good thing about this update that we
You will be able to do the following we come
here we are going to pick up
today we will nominate here for tutorial
beauty and put one here portal and
Let's put the other one in there.
working
blue ottawa
red and blue portal
there's no easy way to fix it
the bug is better than we are no more
being aside we were being here
the side portal
Chatham, this is good, whatever that is.
I hope you have solved the
doubts that you if you want
make some request to the plugin Indian only
left comments talk to me
through skype
that's it we see in the next video
Did you like it so lets cilic your
favorite and subscribes to the channel for
go along
videos like this reminding you that the video
the middle jidf will leave, yes the end of
night not the lms video last man
standing game beauty one should charge the
new stadium that I 'm on but without a
strong arm everyone spoke